401/prework.md, before:

# MindSet  


## Upgrade your techinical skills

The highest rate of learning is at the beggining of your career. That's when you spend hours trying to figure whatever it is your are doing and trying to fix the problems till you have something that works. The key is that you have to **force** your self to learn push through it. 

The key ideas behind deliberate practice is that it:  

- Pushes you just outside your comfort zone
- Repeated often
- Feedback on results in continuously available
- It's highly demanding mentally
- It's difficult
- It requires good goals  

Whatever challenges you settle on, they need to be repeated often. Much of the benefit of learning a new technique or skill is the ability to apply it in novel situations. The challenges have to push you just outside your comfort zone. It's no use trying to solve a complex problem in code if you can't yet iterate over an array. The gap in your knowledge that the challenge forces you to overcome needs to be surmountable.
Set yourself a small, finishable challenge that teaches you something further outside your comfort zone instead.  

## Growth Mindset  

You need to understand you have the pontetial to learn, to grow, to improve. You must have a mindset to push yourself to learn new things and challenging things. You have to engage with what your are struggling with. All be it this video delves into children and their learning enviroment, the thing with us adult we can learn is to be make our self believe we are going to learn, this way we are always engage.

## Grit

From students to adult succesing in life, the one thing to succes was grit. The combination of passion and perserverance are the keys to being succeful, you must have dedication to and focus on whatever you're doing. A strong mind and foritude is what leads to a great life.


## Philosophy of Success

Essentially success is that human emotions are a huge factor to living a successful life, from joy to envy. Modern society is now about you and how other people are doing at the same time. The problem is that people need to learn that you have to go through struggle to press on to being succeful. Now life isn't about how people get unlucky and aren't born into a good life but how they end up doing with their life and not being a loser in terms to the rest of the world. Sucess is now about the indiviual and there efforts and failures, instead of believe in god or some other thing. It's not about them selfs. 


## Imposter Symdrome 

Essentially a feeling that you aren't actually qualified enough for whatver job or task you are doing. Easy way is to not be bother by it, everyone has to start somewhere  as long as you know what you are doing then you're fine.

Commit message:

Added notes to prepwork.md for terminal practice

401/prework.md, after:

# MindSet  


## Upgrade your techinical skills

The highest rate of learning is at the beggining of your career. That's when you spend hours trying to figure whatever it is your are doing and trying to fix the problems till you have something that works. The key is that you have to **force** your self to learn push through it. 

The key ideas behind deliberate practice is that it:  

- Pushes you just outside your comfort zone
- Repeated often
- Feedback on results in continuously available
- It's highly demanding mentally
- It's difficult
- It requires good goals  

Whatever challenges you settle on, they need to be repeated often. Much of the benefit of learning a new technique or skill is the ability to apply it in novel situations. The challenges have to push you just outside your comfort zone. It's no use trying to solve a complex problem in code if you can't yet iterate over an array. The gap in your knowledge that the challenge forces you to overcome needs to be surmountable.
Set yourself a small, finishable challenge that teaches you something further outside your comfort zone instead.  

## Growth Mindset  

You need to understand you have the pontetial to learn, to grow, to improve. You must have a mindset to push yourself to learn new things and challenging things. You have to engage with what your are struggling with. All be it this video delves into children and their learning enviroment, the thing with us adult we can learn is to be make our self believe we are going to learn, this way we are always engage.

## Grit

From students to adult succesing in life, the one thing to succes was grit. The combination of passion and perserverance are the keys to being succeful, you must have dedication to and focus on whatever you're doing. A strong mind and foritude is what leads to a great life.


## Philosophy of Success

Essentially success is that human emotions are a huge factor to living a successful life, from joy to envy. Modern society is now about you and how other people are doing at the same time. The problem is that people need to learn that you have to go through struggle to press on to being succeful. Now life isn't about how people get unlucky and aren't born into a good life but how they end up doing with their life and not being a loser in terms to the rest of the world. Sucess is now about the indiviual and there efforts and failures, instead of believe in god or some other thing. It's not about them selfs. 


## Imposter Symdrome 

Essentially a feeling that you aren't actually qualified enough for whatver job or task you are doing. Easy way is to not be bother by it, everyone has to start somewhere  as long as you know what you are doing then you're fine.  

# Terminal Practice

## The Command Line  

A command line, or terminal, is a text based interface to the system. You are able to enter commands by typing them on the keyboard and feedback will be given to you similarly as text.Within a terminal you have what is known as a shell. This is a part of the operating system that defines how the terminal will behave and looks after running (or executing) commands for you.  

## Basic Navigation  

pwd or Print Working Directory, tells you what your current working directory is.  The command for this task is ls or list, show all all items in directory or whatever ls option and location you specify.2 types of paths we can use, absolute and relative.  cd which stands for change directory lets you move around the current directory your terminal is in.  

## More About Files  

With linux is that under the hood, everything is actually a file. There hidden files in directory which you can access or see with -a when using ls. Each files has an extension at the end declaring what type it is and how to be read because of that type.  

## Manual Pages  

Manual pages are a set of pages that explain every command available on your system including what they do, the specifics of how you run them and what command line arguments they accept, essentially a way to look at commands of what you can do and what it does.It is possible to do a keyword search on the Manual pages.  

## File Manipulation  

mkdir will make a new folder and path to it. rmdir will remove said directory as well. touch is used to make a whole new file. cd will copy a file of your choosing with a new name of your choosing. mv will move the file to which directory you specify. rm will remove a file.  

This is a cheat sheet [Cheat Sheet](https://ryanstutorials.net/linuxtutorial/cheatsheet.php)
